Welcome to this edition of Liberty,
brought to you by the Yahowah Blog.
I am your host, Craig Gwinn.
In our last episode,
we began reviewing what God revealed
through Moseh throughout the twelfth
chapter of Dabarym, which means words.
It's been corrupted to Deuteronomy.
It is one of the most revealing statements
that you're ever going to read in terms
of
Israel's current standing with God and
what God is offering and expects in
return.
The passage that we reviewed at the end
of our last program reads as follows.
When you pass over the Yarden,
that is the Jordan,
which means the descent,
and you settle down and remain living in
the land.
Now, they...
have crossed over the Jordan a number of
times.
They can't do it anymore because of,
of course, it is a border.
The fact is that they have not remained
living there because they have been thrown
out of Israel many times,
making this prophetic.
That as a benefit of the relationship,
Yahowah your God will be providing as an
inheritance for you.
It's an inheritance that they will receive
forevermore come Sukah in year twenty
thirty three, which is year six thousand.
Yeah.
And he engenders a spiritual respite for
you.
This, again,
is something that they are looking forward
to,
but have not yet enjoyed because of the
nature of Judaism.
The souls of Jews are very much up
and upheaval.
apart from all of your enemies and without
hostilities or opposition, boy,
are we ever a long,
long way from that becoming a reality,
aren't we?
It is never a time that we have
seen,
with the exception of a very brief period
under Dowd, where Israel was without foes.
And even then,
Dowd protected Israel sixty-six times from
opposition.
And, of course, now,
Israel is more vulnerable than they've
ever been throughout the country's
existence.
From anyone surrounding you such that you
will be able to live and dwell
confidently, safely, and securely.
This is going to happen during the period
demarcated as Chag Sukah,
which begins on Taruwah ,
followed by Kipurym,
and then the eight-day celebration of
Sukah
that transpires between the twenty third
and the seventh day through the fifteenth
day of October so twenty third of
September through um October and twenty
thirty three that is when
Israel will dwell confidently, safely,
and securely.
Then it will come to pass that this
dwelling place,
this home to take a stand and to
be upright,
such as to be a benefit to the
relationship Yahowah your God has chosen
and prefers for himself,
for his name to dwell and remain.
Doing so by way of the help of
a foreigner who is in close proximity
therein,
you will arrive and you will be included
in a harvest.
That foreigner who has been in close
proximity,
who is particularly devoted to including
you in the upcoming harvest,
is none other than Yada, the Nakar,
who is the Choder.
He is the man from Edom who will
save many.
He is also the Adamah Parah,
who is sacrificed on Taruwah  for the
benefit of Dowd's return with Yahowah on
Yom Kipurym.
And so he will arrive and he will
remain and he will help you dwell within
the land.
This is an association with everything
which to enable the way to the benefit
I myself have directed and appointed,
providing authorized instructions
regarding you as an elevating offering for
you.
Sacrifice is killed for you,
enriching you tenfold.
As we discussed in our last program,
there are two sacrifices that are made for
Israel.
The first is sacrifice.
by Dowd, the Messiah and Son of God,
fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in your four thousand Yah,
thirty-three Ze, providing life,
providing perfection,
and providing an entree to be part of
God's covenant family.
The second sacrifice that is offered for
you,
literally a man killed on your behalf,
is on Taruwah ,
two thousand years after Dowd's sacrifice,
and it is by his herald, Yada,
who is killed also to enrich you tenfold
for the purpose of restoring this mortal
remnant of Yisrael so that they can be
present for Dowd's return.
This gift and voluntary contribution to
elevate and uplift
and uplift you can grasp hold of,
you can influence its effect on you.
Indeed,
as the best of all possible choices by
you making a binding commitment,
which endures such that you honor the
conditions of this promise that you are
making regarding the relationship to
approach Yahowah.
Dabarym, twelve, eleven.
very profoundly prophetic statement and
proclamation by our our god regarding
Israel's past and present as well as the
nation's future so ladies and gentlemen
unless something
better is composed,
and that is not only unlikely,
I think it is impossible in the time
we have left, than Yahowah,
unless someone is better prepared to
reinstate Yahowah's name and Dowd's
position as our Messiah, returning King,
Son of God, and Savior.
as has been done here through the Yahowah
blog,
the surest way to approach God and enter
heaven is by listening to what we are
offering as part of this program.
And then by going to YadaYah.com and
reading YadaYah.
And when you reach this destination,
you should be elated and not vindictive.
You should be genuinely happy,
even elated,
approaching the presence of Yahowah,
your God.
you and your sons and daughters male and
female workers as well as the lowe who
to provide guidance along the proper path
to get the most out of life or
within your towns and communities to help
you think and reason things out especially
since he does not have an allotment that
would be the lowe or property and
possessions the lowe is the uniter as do
you the body words twelve twelve
The covenant is a family affair,
which is why we are encouraged to share
what we have learned with our sons and
daughters.
Similarly,
God wants us to treat those who work
with us as family,
inviting them to participate in the
covenant.
This is the opposite approach to the
pervasive imposition of a caste system,
which is pretty much ubiquitous throughout
antiquity of slavery and of feudal
economies with lords and serfs.
This is the opposite approach to the one
taken by Orthodox Jews who go out of
their way to exclude all references to the
lowly in deference to their rabbis who
have replaced them in Judaism.
According to Yahowah,
the lowly were to assure that the people
understood how to approach him.
particularly during the mid-cry,
providing guidance for them,
recognizing the life and death influence
that they would have over the people.
Yeah, well,
it was emphatic about them not being
compensated monetarily or even through
land ownership or human inheritance.
It's one of the reasons that we do
not charge a...
profit for the books that are offered at
Amazon to you.
They're sold royalty free.
And it's why we don't sell anything or
even accept donations at YadaYah.com.
Everything we have is for you and for
your benefit.
And you can read every book in its
entirety for free at YadaYah.com because of
this.
God does not want us
making a profit out of conveying his
message he offered it freely we should
convey it the same way therefore god is
vehemently opposed to the notion of a paid
clergy such as in rabbis being compensated
for their religious pontifications it's
little wonder they rebelliously prefer
their Talmud
which they call a Torah over Yahowah's
Torah.
Now to the five classifications that were
presented here, sons and daughters,
male and female workers, and the uniters,
these lowe.
We find three additional individuals
engaged during Shabuwah hand Sukah,
according to Dabarym XVI.
These would include a foreigner,
an orphan, and a widow.
Now, when we are observant,
closely examining and carefully
considering the text of the Torah,
as we are currently doing,
we understand what Yahowah is offering.
Equally important,
we come to appreciate what God is
expecting from us in return.
It is a relationship after all.
You should choose to be observant.
Baseline requirement, shamah r,
pay attention and keep focused on your own
behalf,
lest you go astray and are carried away,
presenting your invalid sacrifice in any
place or site you view,
instead of in the place, site,
and home that is best for the relationship
which Yahowah offers.
chooses and prefers with regard to one of
your tribes this one rod your staff branch
and scepter of yours there and by that
name you will ascend and be lifted up
through the offering which elevates you
and there and by that name you should
engage and act upon everything which for
the benefit of the relationship i am
instructing and directing you the body in
words twelve fourteen wow well there is no
substitute
for shamah r closely examining and carefully
considering the torah Nabiy'im wa mizmowr is more
I've been diligently observant for twenty
four years six and seven days a week
ten to fourteen hours a day and yet
in all of that time I'm still learning
growing in both knowledge and
understanding
It has been good for me and it
has been beneficial for you.
Deprived of the twenty five thousand pages
of amplified translations and previously
unconsidered insights presented throughout
the Yada Yahowah series,
this being an example of of one of
them.
And here you can see the example of
amplified translation and also commentary.
that without them, less informed,
more emotional,
and less cerebral individuals are not only
prone to going astray,
such that they are carried away from God
by an invalid presentation,
they are drawn to view sights which are
overtly counter to Yahowah's intent.
And that's a serious problem.
And that is why it comes up here.
There is a site that is specifically
called Yada Yahowah.
To know Yahowah.
YadaYahowah.com.
And it is there that you will find
Yahowah's name reintroduced to his people.
His beloved son repositioned as our
savior.
And you'll find the information needed
to...
draw near to understand what God is
offering and expecting in return.
And it is the only place that has
existed like this over the past two
thousand five hundred years.
So it's rather important to God.
And what has happened here recently is
that those who are not well grounded and
what God has to say and are easily
seduced by those with a
sinister agenda can be led away we have
found that once covenant does not mean
always covenant and that many people have
written themselves out of a relationship
with god and so to avoid that god's
encouraging you to go to the place where
his name was reintroduced to his people
now so that you don't join those
who are deceiving themselves and others,
and find yourself excluded from the
covenant,
Yahowah is again directing the observant to
the site that he has chosen for his
name to reside.
And for the past score and four years,
that has been and remains YadaYahowah and
YadaYahowah.com.
This is where God's name was reintroduced
after twenty-five centuries,
and where his shem is explained,
where his words are now correctly
presented,
and this being the case for the first
time in over two millennia.
And should anyone believe that I am being
presumptuous,
may I remind the opposition that over
almost all of this vast chasm of time,
Yahowah's name has appeared nowhere else,
Yahowah has not spoken or written anywhere
in Israel.
You won't find Yahowah's name anywhere in
Israel,
nor has it been there for millennia.
It is not found in Bible translations or
in the Talmud.
And even those who were introduced to it,
who were made available
to knowing God's name online,
who were aware that it had been published
and promoted,
when they chose to speak for their
non-existent spirit mother,
we found that they changed Yahowah's name
straight away,
all to accommodate their goddess.
He became schizophrenic and was given
maternal characteristics
When a hundred percent of the time that
he is referenced in his own testimony,
he is masculine, singular,
and always a father.
But that didn't suit the mother goddesses.
Now to Shem or not to Shem is
the ultimate question.
Ha-Shem's matter to Yahowah,
especially his own,
which is why he introduced it,
why he explained it to us in his
Torah guidance.
Similarly,
He cares passionately about the one he
ascribed to this first family, Yahuwdah,
beloved of Yah,
because it is a compound of his name
and that of his son, Dowd.
So we should all seek to be received
and loved similarly.
And indeed,
when we become part of the covenant,
we bear Yahowah's name,
making us beloved as well.
Our Heavenly Father has chosen,
and he prefers, Echad, one, Shevet,
above all others.
But what is that Shevet?
And why was it plural when Echad is
singular?
Is it the tribe of Yahuwdah,
the staff of Moseh, the scepter of Dowd,
the rod of Yada,
of the branches off the trees of the
knowledge of God?
good and evil and of lives or is
it all of these symbols pursuant to our
relationship with Yahowah after all it is
by that name and designation that we
ascend by way of the uplifting sacrifice
one during chag Matsah and the other
during chag Sukah
And because Yahowah has asked his people to
engage and capitalize on these elevating
offerings,
he is addressing what Do did on Passover
and what Yahowah will accomplish on Taruwah .
This is Yahowah's instructions to those who
seek the benefits of this relationship.
So this marvelous sequence of prophetic
insights and directions,
it brings us to the first of many
statements regarding what is appropriate
for us to eat according to the one
who designated these prophetic
pronouncements to be issued by Moseh and
the one who designed us and created even
the animals he intended for us to consume.
We came to this because there has been
such an onslaught of degradation of myself
and Yada Yahowah by some people who are
just really too stupid to even be able
to get out of their own way.
Their most recent attack appeared
yesterday, and you just read it and say,
I tell you, this is so dumb,
I can't even spare the time to respond
to it.
But in their attack one day,
a couple of weeks ago,
all of those who are trumpeting, yeah,
you're right on, man.
You tell them that Yahowah wants those who
are timid, not those who are bold,
which is the opposite of what God actually
wants.
They said, you know,
we know that he is a liar because
he says you can eat anything you want.
And so I returned to Dabarym twelve
because, well, in it, God says,
you can eat anything you want.
And I thought you ought to know that.
It reads,
notwithstanding with everything and
anything that your soul and conscious
awareness wants or desires,
you can continually butcher and prepare,
then eat.
The flesh of that
living creature,
the body and meat of this biological
being,
in harmony with the blessings and
adoration,
the exalting pronouncements and praise,
the gifts of prosperity and enrichment of
your God,
which as a result of showing the way
to the benefits of the relationship,
he has provided,
offering to and through you.
within any of your locations or
communities,
and by way of your every estimation or
calculation.
The unclean , the impure, even defiled,
contaminated or foul,
as well as the clean, the ,
the pure, flawless, and perfect,
it may be eaten.
on an ongoing basis,
and you can actually and continually
consume it.
Akal hu, emphatically,
it may be actually and consistently
devoured.
Kal, imperfect, energetic, none,
third person, masculine, singular.
These things which are attractive and
desirable and such as are helpful and
empowering, even edifying.
Nobody in words should never have been
called Deuteronomy.
Twelve, fifteen.
Well.
Oops.
Yeah,
for those saying he is lying and a
fraud because he says you can eat anything
you want.
Maybe they ought to have considered the
Torah before they made that statement.
As Rich says, oops.
Disengage brain, insert foot.
Yeah.
Thus far,
a hundred percent of the time that the
mother goddesses and their ilk have tried
to lash out and demean me and Yada
Yahowah, they have impugned themselves.
This is no exception.
Well,
it's also no wonder that rabbis who wrote
the Babylonian Talmud did so.
Without it,
there would be no restrictions on diet.
Yahowah has clearly and indelibly stated that
we can eat whatever we desire.
If you want it, you can eat it.
We're explicitly being told that we can
eat the tamé and the tahor,
which are deemed impure and that which is
perceived as clean.
As a result,
the Torah's presentation in Dabarym
fourteen regarding what is good for us to
eat and what is not healthy should be
considered dietary advice as prescriptions
for healthy living.
They are not rules to be obeyed as
in kosher laws.
Not even close.
There are those who say that a shabi
is a gazelle and a ye'al would be
a deer,
but there is nothing really to
substantiate either claim.
Based upon their verbal roots and
consistent with the implications of God's
statement,
it's clear that shabi addresses that which
is considered attractive and desirable,
and ye'al pertains to that which is
edifying and empowering.
In this particular statement,
kol was used twice,
once to say that you can eat anything
you want and the other to convey that
you can consume it anywhere you want to
do so.
Nepesh was chosen to differentiate between
bashar, body, and soul.
That is to say that the bashar meat
we eat has no effect on our Nepesh.
Our souls are independent of our physical
bodies.
And in the next life,
all that matters is our Nepesh because our
bodies are discarded.
Therefore,
that which you consume for the body that
is being discarded has no influence of any
kind on your Nepesh soul.
And there is one exceedingly profound
insight for those who do not understand
Except, I should say,
for those who do not appreciate the
difference between body and soul.
And that would be this group,
because they just had a conniption fit
when I properly stated that since clothing
was optional, in fact,
non-existent in Ganyden,
in the Garden of Great Joy,
and that no one was embarrassed to be
exposed to God.
And that since we are being brought back
into the garden,
that is the whole purpose of Sukah,
and we'll be readmitted into the garden
here in less than eight years,
that you ought to get comfortable being
exposed to God.
And of course, oh,
the little prudish women who just can't
let go of rules and who are terrified
to be exposed to the truth,
much less to God,
had a conniption fit and said, no, no,
no, that's terrible.
You know,
we need to be dressed up like this.
I mean,
two of them in particular just went
absolutely wacko in doing this.
And yet the fact of the matter is
our bodies are,
are just temporary reservoirs that hold
our nephesh souls.
And we are soon to be released of
these bodily constraints and freed to
become light and energy.
And therefore these bodies are not of
concern.
You can eat what you want because it
only affects the body, not you.
Get it?
And I understand the religious are just
fascinated with bodies.
They have to preclude touching and seeing
and everything associated with the body,
particularly a woman's body.
It's essential to Judaism, Islam,
and Christianity.
It's really the very essence of these
religions.
But God doesn't have these hangups,
only religious men and women.
Now, in this case, a law is unambiguous,
revealing that it is our choice based upon
our preferences.
Some people like Brussels sprouts.
I just don't.
I enjoy radish sandwiches,
while others think they are weird.
I'm particularly fond of lamb when others
don't much care for the much more kind
of strong flavor of the meat.
I just happen to find it particularly
enjoyable, but it's not for everyone.
Therefore, God is not dictating our diet,
free will and all.
There's lots of variety out there,
just like he said in the garden.
There's lots of trees in the garden.
Eat from whichever one you want.
He is instead leaving those decisions up
to us.
God is not human and isn't trying to
impose his preferences on us.
We select our spouses, our homes,
our occupations, in addition to our diet.
After all, it would be really weird.
for God to impose the minutiae of daily
life on us.
To say, okay,
there's all these things out there you can
eat, but don't eat that, eat that,
but don't eat that, no, don't touch that.
We're afforded free will and we are free
to use it.
And if we can't use it on the
little stuff,
what chance is it that God would avail
us the opportunity to use it when it
really matters?
absolute insanity to think that he wants
to tell you what you can and cannot
eat beyond giving you good advice of
what's healthy for you and what's not.
Now,
Yahowah is leaving really nothing to
interpretation.
He is obviously and literally speaking of
butchering, preparing, and eating meat,
the flesh of animals.
But nevertheless,
there is a surprising caveat here because
this pronouncement is predicated on the
degree that we are Baraka,
blessed and endured by Yahowah.
Should a person not be among those God
is exalting, extolling, and enriching,
then he has no advice for you in
this regard.
You can be as restricted and as kosher
as you want to be.
He's not talking to you.
And since the religious, the political,
and conspiratorial are not among those
blessed and adored by Yahowah,
they're free to impose whatever rules they
want upon themselves and others,
whatever they deem fit.
It won't make any difference one way or
the other.
So if you're not covenant,
Eat kosher, it trips your trigger.
How about that?
Even beyond Baraka,
the same caveat is addressing those who
benefit from the covenant relationship,
and it is focused on those who have
not only been afforded this gift,
but who are also among those sharing it
with others.
And in this light, by using sha'ar,
Yahowah isn't simply stating that we can
eat anything anywhere,
but that our computations and evaluations,
our assessments matter.
We're to be thoughtful.
We are being trusted to make informed and
rational decisions.
Imagine that.
and then share our conclusions regarding
the liberty afforded to the covenant
family.
Boy,
is that not also a metaphor for everything
that is contained within Yadda Yahowah,
for everything that is spoken as part of
this program?
God is entrusting us to make informed and
rational decisions and then share our
conclusions
regarding the tremendous liberty that he
has afforded to his covenant family.
He wants us to be thoughtful,
to evaluate things,
to assess the truth and essence of the
matter.
Yahowah has left no opportunity here for
rebuttal by the religious when he upheld
this pronouncement by including Tamei,
Unclean, and Tahor Clean.
Therefore,
those who tried to denounce me and
repudiate Yadda Yahowah based upon my
willingness to share this instruction from
the Torah only impugned themselves.
Going one step further,
God shaped our interpretation of a call,
eat,
with the call stem revealing that his
guidance was to be seen as genuine and
literal.
The imperfect conjugation of firms that
are consumption of Tame and Tahor could be
unremitting, without end.
And with the energetic nun,
he was emphasizing this point,
adding an exclamation point.
If you like it, eat it.
If you find it nourishing, consume it.
If you don't, that's your choice.
God trusts us to make intelligent
decisions.
There is, however, an absolute moratorium,
and we're going to learn why this
moratorium exists as we continue through
Dabarym words in the twelfth chapter.
This happens to be twelve sixteen.
The only exclusion is that you should not
consume blood, pour it out upon the earth,
as if it were water now this statement
of course damns the roman catholic
eucharist and the protestant communion
where priests and pastors moronically
claim that they turn grape juice into the
blood of jesus this while it was consumed
for the remission of sin and reality it
is them
Further,
this is further proof that the book of
Ezekiel is satanic because it advocates
drinking blood,
further affirming my conclusions.
As we know,
the Loewi were set apart to serve the
children of Yisrael.
Rabbis created Judaism by replacing the
Levites,
even though doing so remains in direct
conflict with the Torah's instructions,
which states that the Loewi Levites were
to remain in position as long as the
land exists.
And yet, ever the hypocrites,
rabbis claim divine authorization for
their kosher laws, while God,
in the midst of countering them,
states that rabbis are actually
illegitimate.
If you know the truth,
you do not practice Judaism,
nor Christianity.
Be observant so that you do not neglect
or abandon the lowly
Oops, then there can be no rabbis,
can there?
Oops.
Be observant.
Pay attention to what God is saying so
that you do not neglect or abandon the
lowly all of your days upon the land.
Now, once again,
God wants us to know that we can
eat whatever we want, wherever we want.
So after denouncing the notion that there
was a rabbi, and in these days,
Moronic rabbis actually would go as far as
to call Moseh, who was a lowly rabbi.
That's how disingenuous they are.
They're so disgusting,
they call their Talmud Torah.
They're absolutely repulsive, Israel.
If you trust or believe a rabbi,
you are out of your mind and you
will lose your soul to them.
Anyway, in the midst of repudiating
all claims of rabbis,
God repudiates kosher again.
He says, therefore, WinYahowah,
a name that the rabbis will never state,
your God opens up and enlarges,
creating opportunities within your
territory or
prior limitations,
as he has spoken with regard to the
relationship with you.
And you say,
I want to continually eat or constantly be
nourished by meat or by the human herald,
because your soul is desirous of consuming
flesh or the message of the herald as
a source of nutrition,
then being nourished by the body and the
herald's message.
Every way your soul desires.
The body words.
Twelve twenty.
Even though there are a number of places
in which the boundaries of the land were
depicted,
there is no indication that Israel was
enlarged while occupied.
And the nation is currently much smaller
than it was under King Dowd.
Therefore,
this increase in space and more
importantly,
opportunities is addressing the
transformation of the earth into Eden.
beginning in Jerusalem.
It may also be referencing the expansion
from the planet to the vast expanse of
the universe as everyone's capabilities
are substantially enhanced when we go from
being trapped in these physical Bashar
bodies to being light and energy.
Now,
each chosen word illustrates this finding.
Rakab speaks of greater opportunities and
of enhanced capabilities,
even of increased happiness with the vast
expanse of space being opened up for us
to enjoy.
Gabul is akin to Gabor,
and reveals that Yahowah intends for all of
us to become empowered, emboldened,
even
greater versions of ourselves,
tremendously enabled and courageous.
It is then that the surviving remnant will
be constantly nourished by the Bashar,
the human hero.
That will be his primary job.
He will feed the flock,
offering them what they need to know to
go from being the mortal remnant to
eternal covenant.
And during this time,
as was so emphatically proclaimed,
mortals and immortals will feast on their
heart's desires.
We will be emancipated, not restricted.
Well,
God will provide directions regarding the
benefits of choosing a healthy diet for
those incorporating
all that he has to say,
those who listen and respond are free to
eat anything that tantalizes our taste
buds so long as we are covenant.
And we can do so anywhere and everywhere,
which pretty much trashes the kosher
designation on food and eateries,
although they're free to do so so long
as they're not covenant.
I offer this reminder,
having had his name erased and forgotten
for twenty-five centuries,
it reappeared in the books he inspired in
collaboration with the Bashar Herald,
that he chose those books being called
Yahowah.
And even then,
it all began by correctly translating
and amplifying the meaning of Asher as
follows.
Indeed, even though the site, the Makom,
is presented by a distant individual who
is largely avoided,
who is extended through a foreigner from a
place other than the Makom,
from another place, I should say, in time,
who stands alone and is considered to be
an apostate by you to reveal the path
to the benefits of the relationship where
your God has chosen and prefers.
This is to reestablish the place,
his name and reputation appear therein.
So it's true.
The site, YadaYah.com.
is presented by an individual in a place
that is distant in space and time from
Israel.
And he is largely avoided.
This is extended by a foreigner who stands
alone by you, from you,
And he reveals the path to the benefits
of the relationship,
reintroducing you to Yahowah's name as your
God.
And it's the place that Yahowah has chosen
and prefers.
He has selected and desires to reestablish
and place his name and reputation there.
So at the time,
one of you will oversee the slaughter.
At that time,
one of you will be responsible for
butchering and preparing the sacrifice.
This being of your Makar,
the observant bull who heralds previously
unknown insights for you.
In addition to Sion,
the lamb who emerges from your flock.
who to provide the benefits of the
relationship Yahowah has actually provided
and given at this moment to you in
a manner that is consistent with and
according to what I have instructed and
constituted for you.
Therefore,
you can eat and be nourished within your
enclosed and protected,
considered and contemplated community by
whatever your soul wants and desires.
Wow.
That's highly cerebral.
God is saying,
I'm going to tell you what's really good
for you.
And it's up to you.
Choose what you want.
You can make this about what I'm truly
offering you or about what you want.
It's the body of words, Deuteronomy.
Twelve, twenty-one.
Let's think about this now.
Indeed, even though the site YadaYah.com,
the books entitled YadaYahowah is largely
avoided,
even though it is extended through a
foreigner coming from another place in
time.
To you, for you.
to reveal the path to the benefits of
the relationship, Yahowah,
a name that was forgotten until he
reintroduced it, your God.
This is the place that he has chosen
and the place that he prefers to
reestablish and place his name and
reputation there.
It's exceedingly difficult to argue with
the realization he is discussing.
It is the only place that fulfills this
prophecy.
Now that will change.
Soon Yahowah's name will be emblazoned in
all of the remaining remnant of Israel and
in every covenant member.
Soon it will be emblazoned in his home
for his name on Moriah.
But we're seven years away,
almost eight years away from that.
So at that time,
one of you will oversee the slaughter,
the butchering,
and the preparing of the sacrifice of your
makar,
your observant bull who heralds previously
unknown insights for you.
It is true.
There will be one.
His name is ElYah.
He has done this previously,
his single most important and famous
Act was to oversee the slaughter,
butchering,
and preparation of the sacrifice of a bull
when renouncing the religiosity and the
politics of Israel,
two thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight years prior to this
reenactment, when it all counts.
And it is true that the Bakar is
an observant bull.
He is one who heralds previously unknown
insights on your behalf.
He is one who prefers early mornings and
whose sacrifice will occur before the
midday.
He is there for you to seek,
to consider and reflect upon all that God
has had to share.
But he would be nothing
without the addition of the Sion,
the lamb, from your flock,
who Yahowah used to provide the benefits of
the relationship,
to fulfill and offer the benefits of the
covenant.
And he is the one who has been
Nathan.
He is the son who is given to
you in a manner that is consistent with
and according to everything God has said.
and directed on our behalf.
His name is David.
He's the one who served as the Passover
lamb.
There is a symbiotic relationship between
the lamb and the bull.
Between the Beryth Covenant and the Miqraey
invitations to meet.
Between Yahowah and his people.
particularly those who avail themselves of
the sacrifice of these two men.
One will bring you into the covenant.
One will have you prepared to be among
that mortal remnant who reenter the
garden.
So when God's talking about what you
should be nourished by,
he interjects to say,
I'm going to give you an example of
something that I think is exceedingly
important to you.
And he's spoken of the
sacrifice of the observant bull and the
lamb from the flock.
Therefore, he says,
you can eat and be nourished within your
enclosed and protected,
considered and contemplated community.
This too is symbolic.
You see,
Gan means a protected and enclosed garden.
And Sukah is from Sakak,
which speaks of being enclosed and
protected.
If you want to be part of that
community that re-enters Gan Eden on
Sukah in year six thousand YAH,
twenty thirty three.
Now you know that you need to rely
and be nourished by,
rely upon and be nourished by the
observant bull and the lamb from the
flock.
It's amazing how profound, enlightening,
beneficial, caring,
instructive the Torah teaching of our God
becomes when you take the time to examine
each word and cherish it.
Well, as I have stated,
and it bears repeating,
YadaYah.com was the first site to
reintroduce and properly explain
the pronunciation of Yahushem, his name,
first to do it in over two millennia,
placing Yadda Yahowah prominently on the
covers of thirty-five volumes.
And yet,
even after having revealed the most
important name in the universe, Rakak,
this individual from another place in
time, from this revelation,
has been largely ignored by God's people.
The Naqar observant foreigner's quest to
know Yahowah and to reveal the path to
the benefits of the relationship he is
offering.
It began by translating Asher within the
beloved prophecy presented within to
Samuel seven.
Having done so, twenty four years ago,
this approach
that Yahowah has instructed has been his
preference.
It's what he prefers.
And he did this so to shim, sim,
shim, sham, sim, shim, sham,
to reestablish an awareness of his name
and to place it there for this purpose.
Shem, Shem, Shem.
To reestablish an awareness of his name
and to place it there to accomplish his
purpose.
Of the two Mow'edim sacrifices,
Pesach has been fulfilled and the other
Taruwah  will bear fruit for the remnant of
Yisrael.
in less than eight years from now.
And so speaking of ElYah,
we are told that he will oversee the
sacrifice of the bakar, of the bull,
making all of the arrangements in a manner
consistent with Bamidbar numbers five,
fifteen, and nineteen.
Five of the adulterous woman,
fifteen that lays out the whole sequence
of events and the individuals who will
come to bear God's story.
And nineteen,
speaking of the Adam of Parah.
And while that's clearly stated,
that isn't as well known,
or what isn't as well known,
I should say,
is that the Bakar reveals that this bull
will be an observant herald,
providing insights that were previously
unknown.
His Bakar early morning sacrifice will be
on behalf of those
finally willing to consider Yahowah's
testimony and reflect upon it.
But of course,
his ordeal is only valuable when seen
building upon the sacrifice of the
Passover lamb,
which sadly is largely unknown.
And that victim coming, as we know,
from the flock of Yahuwdym,
is different from the sacrifice of the
makar bull who comes from outside the
community.
So by fulfilling chag Matsah,
Dowd provided the means to benefit from
the covenant relationship with Yahowah.
This is God's plan,
all part of the instructions he provided
throughout the Torah wa nabi.
And that brings us to the makar bull.
who prepares God's people for the return
of his son.
Now, as a result,
those who accept what is being offered are
perfected.
They are protected.
They are nourished.
provided with everything they need.
And in this regard,
with Sha'ar addressing a gated community,
we're brought back to Gan Eden,
as I mentioned previously,
and then forward to Sukah.
And this time,
there will be no negative consequences
associated with consuming the fruit from
the tree of knowledge.
In fact,
it is being encouraged at this point.
It is an ode, if you will,
to YadaYahhuah.
So Yahowah created every life form and
provided them for our benefit.
So this acknowledgement affirms that he
did so on our behalf and he didn't
do so to tempt or torment us.
The Torah reads, absolutely,
truthfully and rElYahbly.
just as that which is attractive and
desirable and that which is helpful,
empowering and edifying is being
enthusiastically consumed.
So now you may eat it,
you may consume it on an ongoing basis,
call imperfect, energetic, none.
The tame, the unclean,
as well as the tahor, the clean,
together and alike as if they were the
same.
It can be consistently and
enthusiastically eaten.
The body in words, the twelve, twenty-two.
Okay,
I told you what I was going to
tell you.
I told you what I was here to
And then I reminded you what I had
told you so that you remember that I
had told you I was going to tell
you that this is what I was telling
you so that you remember this is what
I told you.
Isn't this now the third time that God
has said you can eat anything you want?
Clean, the unclean,
all together and alike as if they were
the same.
Do so consistently.
Do so enthusiastically.
Whatever it is.
You can eat it,
whatever you find attractive and
desirable.
God wants us to be happy.
You know,
if he was throwing a party in your
honor and the plates were filled with
Brussels sprouts, I'd say,
God doesn't know me very well.
I'm not feeling all that welcome in this
place.
There were a few radish sandwiches,
you know, maybe.
I know that's a weird thing, isn't it?
But you know, we eat strange stuff.
You know, I happen to like
artichokes that, you know,
you boil for a while to get them
all soft for over an hour,
cut them in half,
you put a little olive oil on them
and some spices,
and then you set them down on a
hot grill and then kind of sear that
flavor into them.
And, you know,
I know a lot of people like them
with drawn butter.
I prefer mine with Roford.
with blue cheese.
And I just think that eating that flour
of the artichoke is just delectable.
When other people might think, oh,
that is the weirdest thing ever.
So
To each his own,
and we have different taste buds.
I love my wife.
Others might say she doesn't do a thing
for them,
and that's just fine because she's my
wife.
We all have our opportunities to express
our preferences.
I know Wookie is an acquired taste,
but the fact is I like the Wook
and Asher too.
These are choices that with free will,
Yahowah has given us the opportunity to
make and just wants us to be thoughtful
about it.
It's obvious.
It's irrefutable.
Absolutely.
That which is attractive and desirable and
that which is helpful,
empowering and edifying is
is being enthusiastically consumed.
So now you may eat it,
the unclean and the clean,
together and alike as if they were the
same.
It can be consistently and
enthusiastically consumed.
There is only one reason that God would
have inspired Moseh to repeat this
unequivocal and completely unrestricted
message.
Now for, actually,
I think it's the fourth time
Yahowah is revealing and affirming,
instructing and acknowledging his position
on food preferences.
What we eat is our choice.
In our return to the garden,
there will be no such thing as forbidden
fruit.
It didn't exist then,
and now the only thing that has changed
is there will be an even more dazzling
array of delightful options available to
us.
Yahowah's instructions are clear.
Only the mind of the religious are
muddled.
And as always,
while Yahowah is an advocate of free will
and of liberty,
there are men and women seek to control.
There are no restrictions beyond consuming
blood.
If a meal looks good, attractive,
appears desirable, is nourishing, eat it.
doing so enthusiastically without
reservation.
The clean and the unclean can be combined
and are consumed separately without
distinction.
And this means that the kosher nonsense on
separating meat and dairy is moronic.
As a telling example,
when Yahowah ate with Abraham at Mamre,
outside of his tent,
Sarah provided a meal of meat, curds,
and bread.
I call it the first cheeseburger.
He even served milk with the beef.
Now,
the only exception is to the absolute,
steadfast, and certain,
with a hard and fast rule,
to be firm, holding the line,
powerfully committed to the realization
that you never consume blood.
oh my and i haven't loved the fact
that this admonition against consuming
blood was being established by shazak bold
firm steadfast absolute unrelenting
totally committed shazak because the two
men whose blood was shaved for you
were Shezak, bold, courageous, upstanding,
unrelenting, totally devoted.
This is because its blood represents the
soul.
And so you should not consume that which
facilitates its consciousness along with
the Bashar flesh, wow.
God is saying here is that the food
you eat, that's for your body.
Your body is essentially meaningless.
Your body,
your soul occupies this body for a very
short period of time.
And then it either, your soul either
evaporates into nothingness because you
didn't know God and he doesn't know you,
or it gets incarcerated in Sheowl ,
deprived of the body,
or it enters shamah ym .
It becomes part of Yahowah's covenant
family and is surrounded,
your soul is surrounded by light energy.
And so what you have eaten has no
effect on that,
but the blood has a tremendous influence
over your nephesh soul.
And that is because it is the blood
sacrifice of the lamb and of the bull
that make it possible for your soul to
endure.
That's the message.
And I doubt you have ever heard it
presented before,
which is why Yada Yahowah and the message
that is presented here is so vital to
your relationship with God.
You should never consume it upon the
earth.
Pour it out as if it were water.
The body in twelve twenty four.
See,
the blood of the Passover lamb was not
consumed,
but instead used as a sign on the
doorway to life.
God did not want us to miss the
significance of its sacrifice or fail to
appreciate its effect on our souls,
making them immortal.
But far more important,
Yahowah is emphatically distinguishing
between the Bashar body and the nephesh
soul because the Pesach sacrifice as well
as Taruwah  were both of the Bashar and
not of the nephesh,
but not for the Bashar,
but for the nephesh.
You get it?
What is being sacrificed,
Pesach and Taruwah  are simply Bashar.
for the benefit of Nepesh.
This is the beauty of all of this
when it finally comes to you and you
have an appreciation for how Dowd's Nepesh
was placed in a Bashar that could be
offered as the sacrificial lamb and that
it is Yada's, this Bakar, this bull's,
nephesh soul that is in the this body
of this bull that can be offered on
Taruwah  to purge the souls of the mortal
remnant of Israel offering them an
extension on life you see just as the
lamb and the bull serve as symbols
For Dowd and Yahowah,
their blood is symbolic of life and death.
Neither man actually perishes,
just the bodies representing the
sacrificial victims of the thousands of
profoundly and profound and previously
unheralded insights presented throughout
Yahowah.
This is another jewel.
Dowd's and Yada's fulfillments of Pesach
and Taruwah  as the Yael and the Adam
of Parah are the furthest things from
human sacrifice.
They are readily replaceable and
restrictive Bashar bodies.
That's all that was offered because their
nephesh souls were cherished by Yah and
the Bashar gave life
to the nephesh of many.
Sacrificing that which has no value and is
limiting going forward to provide eternal
life and emancipation,
empowerment and enrichment to the nephesh
which is eternally valuable going forward
is one of the great plans ever conceived.
Then it's the basis.
of chag Matsah and of chag Sukah,
of the sacrifice of the lamb and of
the bull.
Similarly,
the blood on the doorpost and the wine
as part of the festival feast,
they're symbolic of offering one's life
for many.
Such is the story reflected by the king's
Bashar Herald.
And of course,
with the second iteration of this
admonition, never to drink blood,
God has killed two religious myths.
The Eucharist is wrong,
and so is the book of Ezekiel that
is so cherished by the rabbis.
I would also like to suggest that just
as those blood as the Passover lamb poured
out of his wounds and upon the ground
of Moriah, two thousand years ago,
Soon it will be Yada's blood that will
run off of Moriah as a cleansing balm
during Taruwah .
One brought life, the other purification.
And in the case of the Bakar,
this observant bull, this Obed-Edom,
this man doing the work and coming out
of Edom,
his blood will be mixed with water.
that Yahowah will release from inside the
Temple Mount to wash away the residual
guilt from the souls, the nephesh,
of the remnant of Yisrael.
I think this is a marvelous place for
us to pause and reflect on all that
we have learned.
We will continue through the end of this
magnificent teaching
from Yahowah's Torah as we resume this
episode of Liberty Tomorrow.
Thank you so much for listening.